Update prometheus.md (#22635)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/kubernetes/prometheus.md

| `<NEW_METRIC_NAME>`                      | Transforms the `<METRIC_TO_FETCH>` metric key to `<NEW_METRIC_NAME>` in Datadog.                   |

> The `metrics` configuration is a list of metrics to retrieve as custom metrics. Include each metric to fetch and the desired metric name in Datadog as key value pairs, for example, `{"<METRIC_TO_FETCH>":"<NEW_METRIC_NAME>"}`. To prevent excess custom metrics charges, Datadog recommends limiting the scope  to only include metrics that you need. You can alternatively provide a list of metric names strings, interpreted as regular expressions, to bring the desired metrics with their current names. If you want **all** metrics, then use `".*"` rather than `"*"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `metrics` configuration is a list of metrics to retrieve as custom metrics. Include each metric to fetch and the desired metric name in Datadog as key value pairs, for example, `{"<METRIC_TO_FETCH>":"<NEW_METRIC_NAME>"}`. To prevent excess custom metrics charges, Datadog recommends limiting the scope to only include metrics that you need. You can alternatively provide a list of metric names strings, interpreted as regular expressions, to bring the desired metrics with their current names. If you want **all** metrics, then use `".*"` rather than `"*"`.
```

> The `metrics` configuration is a list of metrics to retrieve as custom metrics. Include each metric to fetch and the desired metric name in Datadog as key value pairs, for example, `{"<METRIC_TO_FETCH>":"<NEW_METRIC_NAME>"}`. To prevent overages of custom metrics usage, it is highly recommended that you refine the scope above to only those metrics that you require. You can alternatively provide a list of metric names strings, interpreted as regular expressions, to bring the desired metrics with their current names. If you want **all** metrics, then use `".*"` rather than `"*"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `metrics` configuration is a list of metrics to retrieve as custom metrics. Include each metric to fetch and the desired metric name in Datadog as key value pairs, for example, `{"<METRIC_TO_FETCH>":"<NEW_METRIC_NAME>"}`. To prevent excess custom metrics charges, Datadog recommends limiting the scope  to only include metrics that you need. You can alternatively provide a list of metric names strings, interpreted as regular expressions, to bring the desired metrics with their current names. If you want **all** metrics, then use `".*"` rather than `"*"`.
```
